chore(docs): Add examples for entering numbers (#2105)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/src/components/TextInput/TextInput.docs.mdx

<Canvas of={TextInputStories.PhoneNumber} />

### Type: Whole number

> This field helps the user enter a whole number, we recommend using the `text` type for whole numbers.
> You then need to add the `inputMode="numeric"` attribute and a pattern to validate the input.
> Do not rely only on the browser’s validation. The `text` input field looks like a standard text input.
> On some devices, it may show a numeric keypad to aid in entering whole numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field helps the user enter a whole number.
Avoid using `type="number"` as it has several usability and accessibility issues.
Instead, we use `inputMode="numeric"`, which enables the browser to display a numeric keypad.
Include `pattern="[0-9]*"` to allow only decimal numbers.
However, do not rely only on the browser’s validation.
Add `spellcheck="false"` to prevent browsers from automatically changing user input.
```
